>> Scott Moss: Okay, and that brings
us into the next point, Servers.
So, like I said, you have one server
handling many requests from clients.
That's the difference between
a client app and a server, right?
A client app is everybody has their
own instance of the same app.
A server's just one for everybody.
So a server's job is to handle a request
from some one, [LAUGH] typo there.
Some one of the client, so a browser,
a mobile app, or another server.
Without considering scaling, one server
intancee will handle many client requests.
Compared to a client app where that
code only cared about itself on the host
machine.
So that's a different way of thinking.
They're both JavaScript, but
they're completely different, so
you gotta take that into consideration.
And that's why asynchronous code is
important, cuz if you have blocking code,
code that's not asynchronous
would take a long time.
If you did fs.readFileSync on
a file that was ten megabytes.
And then you have a million
people trying to hit your API,
they can't until those ten
megabytes are read into memory.
And now you just load up ten megabytes in
memory on a server that's only deployed
on, I don't know,
one gigabyte of RAM or something.
[LAUGH] You just eat up so
much memory, and
then you say that's an object
that's a memory leak.
And then five more requests,
your app's just gonna crash
from a memory leak anyway.
So there's just so
many things you just gotta be careful of.
Yeah, Node.js has built in and
community packages for
you to build all types of servers, so
APIs, static, real-time, etcetera.
Any type of server you wanna build,
there's a package for it,
and you're gonna see.